But this weekend Saturday night continues on Sunday afternoon when Nick mania becomes snick mania tomorrow starting at two
One central right after 15 right here
Saturday night has arrived and Saturday night belongs to
Going down new Mondo food squeezers
I love video scavenger hiding. Let's roll spider dogs twins rock group group headstand
Got it twins. I always see twins
Hey
I always see red
Great
I know we find everything in McDonald's. Oh, why don't you say something?
Is it man?
It's Ren Hoek and Stimpy rude tooth Ren and Stimpy. I can hardly contain myself
They're soft cuddly and a total dance. What's talking Ren and Stimpy?
Rude tooth and talking Ren and Stimpy each sold separately
From Mattel, so how do you education like it down? Well snap into it. They have been to a slim gym
The spice that baby juicy taste
What is the meaning of this?
excitement
Snap it to a slim gym. Hey, I'm David from Colorado and this is my room right here
well, see this is
My trophies
That's my cat. We got her when we moved here
Charlie
This is my closet
Let's see anything special. Of course my jeans, but they're haunted
I'm supposed to be in my bed in the morning, but I usually don't my covers
I'm not they're like not my favorite my mom picked them, but I can live with them
Saturday night Nickelodeon now, you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning
With the right mental attitude you can transcend any physical experience. I'd like to see a Zen
Master spend the day in the backseat of the Darling family car we leave next weekend for our annual vacation
18 hours of driving and I want it to go right this year. So along with sitting in one spot for hours
You know just to practice. I've also been working on my attitude. Hey, it works for Buddha
And if the past is any indication I'll have to do some major transcending
I'll never forget that one year. We were at Lake Winamaka, and we had plenty of opportunity for water sports
Unfortunately, it was all indoor water sports
I
Then there was the year we went in search of Winamaka wildlife
Only to find it was pretty tame
Then last year on the way up to the lake. I finally got to sit behind the wheel of a moving vehicle
Of course, it wasn't moving all that fast
Thanks to Lake Winamaka the word vacation is synonymous with the word disaster, but this year
I'm totally psyched why because we're not going to Lake Winamaka
Finally a trip. That's worthwhile. We're going to the Grand Canyon
I've always wanted to see it, and I'm determined to enjoy myself. In fact, everyone is the whole family
In one car. I better put my Zen into overdrive
One visit tells you why they call the Grand Canyon Grand
You gaze across
277 miles of time and stillness and descend into a world of dashing streams waterfalls green fields and ruby colored walls
Oh, it sounds beautiful and for the vacationing family the options are endless hiking camping canoeing water skiing nearby and donkey rides on the trail
Hey, I even got my own donkey
Close donkeys go hee-haw
This is gonna be a big change from our usual vacation at Lake Winamaka
You mean lake yucky mucka. Don't even mention that place. You could invoke the darling family vacation curse
This vacation sounds wonderful. Yeah
Now I've mapped out a route take a look
See by avoiding the major highways will minimize the boredom. We could take the interstate
However, county road 20 runs almost exactly pull over. What's the matter Ferguson?
county road 20
bumpy winding county road 20
Up and down up and down. Are you sure that's the best way to go? Well, it's the most scenic. Why?
Well, when our nation's taxpayers shell out billions of dollars to create an interstate highway system
That's the envy of the world
Well, I think we ought to use it. That's all
Is that it?
I'm a little worried about my tummy
Oh
Ferguson, I'm sure you've helped growing your emotions sick us that chance
We'll hit that first dip in the road and he'll turn into Linda Blair from the exorcist
Hey, I know why don't we strap into the roof with ropes?
Just because I have a delicate digestive system doesn't mean my vacation has to be ruined
So dad
Could I plan the route?
No, I don't know that I promise to include some interesting sites along the way and you won't be bored
Well, um, it would mean a lot to me
Not to mention the cars of pulse story. Okay
All right, great. You won't regret this. How come those words sound so ominously familiar?
I still say we bring the ropes just in case
Clarice, you guys are going to get through this without fighting, aren't you?
Mom, I'm so psyched about the Grand Canyon. Nothing could wreck it for me. Not even Ferguson
Oh good. I have enough to think about with taking the car in for service and packing and preparing food for the
Food you're making food. Well sure dear. Why?
Well, it's just that it's vacation. Don't we usually eat out?
This is over a thousand miles not some short drive to Lake Winamaka where we know all the healthy restaurants
Okay
How about this I'll make stuff for us to eat you will
Oh, that would be wonderful if you would take over cooking Judy's Clarissa. It's your vacation too, right mom?
Just leave it to me. Oh, well at least take some of my travel recipes
These are pretty easy coconut cornmeal energy bars
Mung bean chewy
Sure, mom. I'll look them over. Oh, I don't know why but I have such a good feeling about this trip
And now that I'm planning the menu I have a pretty good feeling about this trip too
Let's see peanut butter and marshmallow sandwiches
Popcorn balls chocolate covered pretzels
While this vacation is underway with enthusiasm at full throttle
I mean it is a little scary letting Ferguson navigate
And my promising to cook may have been a wrong term
But at least it's better fuel the mom's room food
I guess those are just minor details nothing that's going to get in the way of a good time
Hi sam
Hey Clarissa
So how's your story coming along? I don't know. I thought writing a horror story would be easy
I mean with my dad being a writer and all those visits to my aunt at the institution
What's the problem? I just don't like any of the ideas I've come up with here
The clothesline killer. It's about a crazy nanny
Mole man, it's about a guy who spends too much time in the basement. Cool
What's this the safety belt slaughterer? You know those automatic safety belts that close around you when you start your car. Yeah
Imagine one getting tighter and tighter and tighter. I'd rather not so you want to help
Looks like you're doing fine without me sam besides. I'm in too good a mood to think gruesome
But I thought you were going on a vacation with your family. I am
But Clarissa you hate vacations with your family. Yeah, but this is the Grand Canyon
What about the ride? I'll get through it
Are you sure? I mean how many hours of license plate bingo can you take?
And what about your brother old faithful spewing at regular intervals? Whoa, no negative baggage sam
This trip. I'm packing a positive attitude
Oh hi honey. Can you give me a hand sure mom? What's up? Can you just hold this lock in place?
No problemo. Oh, I wouldn't want to leave this loose while we're out of town
You're not afraid of a break in are you mom? No, I'll just enjoy myself more if I know everything's secure back home
I really should fix this step while I'm at it that's thoughtful mom
This way if the burglars need to reach something high up, they won't fall off the ladder very funny
Why does every job make me think of three more? Tell me about it. I haven't even started picking tapes for the road
Oh, you're bringing tapes sure. Why well, I just thought we'd try something different this time Clarissa
Would you have a mind the library had these wonderful books on tape and look at these great travel games
No offense mom, but I'm a little old for travel games
Oh Clarissa, it is my vacation too. Let's try something besides arrested development this time, okay?
No arrested development
Well
Okay, I want this trip to go as smoothly as possible
Well, we've hit our first speed bump
I was talking to the travel agent if we want to stay on budget. We're gonna have to rethink our motel options
What's available in our price range?
Okay, let's see
There's the lake view in but they don't have a pool lake view. So there's a lake, right? There used to be now
There's a plastics factory
Uh, there's a room available at the roomy arms motor lodge and they do have a pool so we can stay there
Yeah, except the kids are gonna have to share a room with us and sleep on cots
You mean all of us breathing the same oxygen? We better talk about this
I'll get Ferguson
Well mom
If we want to keep this vacation rolling along we're gonna have to roll with the punches
I don't know why planning a vacation is so hard. I mean, I know what family vacations would be like if I had my way
More punch, dear?
Thanks, and could you change the tape in this tape player? Certainly, dear
Will you be needing the car today?
That's all right. I think I'll drive myself
But you better leave the keys
Certainly
Yes
So much for wishful thinking but even if this vacation is less than perfect at least we all agreed to get along
Janet guys, I want to get this decided once and for all. Okay. Oh, did you tell Ferguson what the hotels?
Well, it's a choice between the lake view with no lake view and the roomy arms with no rooms
Marshall the rate on these rooms is a lot cheaper than what we agreed to spend. Can't we afford something better?
Well, we could but there wouldn't be enough money for the camera. Well, we've already got a camera
Yeah, I know but not a professional panoramic camera
Panoramic camera since when are we buying one of those?
Well, I just assumed since we're going to one of the most breathtaking sights on earth that we would want to
Capture it on film. Oh, so we're going to squeeze in like sardines just so you can take some extra wide pictures
Let's talk about this later. It's not enough. We have to ride. They're all packed in no music to listen to
Oh, they mean no music. Is the radio broken?
Mom wants to listen to books on tape
All the way
Well, the kids fight over the music and then there's
Never mind
What?
Well, I probably shouldn't say it but uh, you sing along
You don't you don't like it when I sing with the radio?
Well, you do it all the time. You guys don't you guys don't like my singing
Dad your voice is one of a kind. It's it's classic
But it doesn't really go with the rest of development
I can't believe you never told me this before. Let's talk about it later. Don't worry, dad
I've got the perfect good plan. Really? This should be good
Ferguson you've got nothing here, but super highways. What about all the interesting sights along the way? Dad
What could be more interesting than a trip to?
Petro park
Petro park. This is just some stupid gas station in Iowa stupid. It's the world's biggest plus there are rides
But why would we want to visit a gas station dad?
This guy who built this is a visionary. It's an architectural wonder
You follow billboards for 200 miles just to see what the whole big deal is and by the time you get there
You had a gas
I have to shake his hand
Yeah
Maybe the next trip. Oh, dad. Well, at least the food will be great
Oh, so you use the recipes I gave you well actually, I thought we'd try some other stuff. You know things to travel well like
Double-pudge brownies
Clarissa Marie darling. Hey, it's vacation when you're on vacation you want to eat something different
I mean, otherwise they wouldn't call vacation. They call it the same old thing fine. I'll wait mom. I mean
Nice move sis pity me of diplomacy. Okay. That's it. This is no way to start a vacation and we're a family
We put this time aside to spend time together
We're gonna have a good time even if it kills us
And I thought like when a mucka was bad, but it looks like the Grand Canyon has his heading for rock bottom
more Clarissa
more snake after this
Wrong brontosaurus breath. I'm not just a dinosaur. I'm rocky d dinosaur extraordinaire
Wow, you eat rocks. Well, certainly not those hard things you find on the ground
But these totally cool new soft and chewy brachs rocks candies look like rocks feel like rocks
Hey, they don't taste like rocks. They're great. Yup five dynamite fruit flavor. Excellent
You can get your rocks from rocks rocks rocks rocks now
We're rocking with rocks rock
This is the super soaker 50 the air powered water gun that shoots so far that while you can run
You can't hide
The genuine super soaker 50 if you don't have one you're all wet watching to Clarissa explains it all
Mm-hmm
The galaxy motel was silent that night except for two lonely sounds
the
footsteps on the pavement
Of the ice machine is another load emptied into the bend
Behind that imposing chrome receptacle a man stood waiting
He listened to the footsteps approaching and raised his ice tongs in readiness
So that's where I'm up to. What do you think? It's real good, Sam. I don't know
How come?
I mean a stalker who hides behind motel ice machines and attacks travelers
Does that sound like anything that could really happen? Sure
It's probably what my mom will do to me at the first motel we stop at
I thought you apologized after raking on her food. I did
I even offered to make mung bean chewies, but I think I hit a nerve
Boy, I thought the darling vacation curse only applauded when we drove to lake winamaka. It's really bad around here, huh?
Yeah, my parents are having it out right now
And your positive attitude what happened to that my positive attitude seems to be the only thing on vacation
Hey, it'll come back. No vacation lasts forever unless it's a vacation in hell
Wow great title
Maybe I'll use that in my story the images just keep pouring into my head. Make sure you get them down on paper
Yeah, I'd better see you later. See you
Okay, pack your bags and travel along with me as I take a break for a vacation update
My dad promised not to sing in the car
But he's making up for it by singing even louder in the shower and we haven't even left yet
With mom looking over my shoulder coming up with healthy road food. I can stomach is a real burden to bear
And ferguson is still hooked on taking the family to the grand canyon by way of petro park
But dad put the brakes on that plan
Zen masters say we're supposed to relinquish all worldly desire and that's cool because I just abandoned all hope of having a good time
All right, your mother and I got together and comry and rationally discuss the situation without any any
Your father means that we talked it over. Yes, we talked it over and everything's fine fine
Okay, we'll buy that so now what so now we think everyone should negotiate and compromise
Your father's agreed to rent a panoramic camera instead of buying which will save enough money so that we can rent a decent motel room
Room rooms and your mother says everyone will get a chance to pick what goes into the tape player
We'll take turns. Yeah, and we can sing our hearts out
Within reason. I know that I know that
Okay, now kids we want you to make some concessions too ferguson
Pick a route that the whole family will enjoy and clarissa. We need good food snacks for the ride
Okay, mom that are also healthy the important thing you need to do is to think about all of us
And not just yourselves yes and to sacrifice for the good of the family like your father and I did
Must have been some fight major
I made some test batches of some of mom's recipes. I found they fall into one of three food groups
unchewable
Undigestible
And unrecognizable
Why do they call it health food when even looking at it makes you sick
Oh
What's that luscious aroma
Fergwad stay out of the kitchen when I'm cooking or I might mistake you for a vegetable
Oh, oh tell me that's clay and you're taking a pottery
It's going to be oatmeal raisin bars and you are going to love them. It's inedible
Actually, it's undigestible, but that's beside the point
I hope your new route takes us past a lot of fast food places. Well, here's the new plan
Well, it does eliminate
Petro Park a tremendous personal sacrifice. I might add
I have found a way to get us to the Grand Canyon that takes us near the colican house in okavoji, ayua
And the international currency museum in carney nabrasco
You think mom and dad are going to agree to that a museum for money in a house made of soda cans
And you think mom and dad allow us to stop at every burger joint we pass
Knowing mom will eat your raisin flavored cement the whole way
They're right. We've got to figure something out fast. Tell you what?
You agree to my route make a real big deal out of it like
You think it's a great idea to see these places
Why would I do that?
Because you play ball with me and I'll conveniently lose your cooler of healthy treats at the first accessible rest stop
It'll be fast food all the way from here to arizona deal
Deal
Boy sometimes having a sneaky rat for a brother can work to your advantage
Could this be a change for the darling family?
What if we all started getting along and liking it?
This vacation could bring out the best in the darlings just like switchfellow robinson
They got shipwrecked and stranded on a desert island and they got along great. Hey if they can do it
We can do it
Thanks, dear brother. Are you nearly finished repairing that pipe buggy we rescued from our sunken ship?
Oh very nearly it was easy. Thanks to father's plans was your mother's idea
Oh inspired by your sister's love of music
And when i'm finished, perhaps father will favor us with a song
Oh, yes, daddy. Do your father. You must you must well
All right, if you insist but only for the good of the family
I'll finish right after supper. What are we having the fish your mother caught that your sister cleaned
Put the shell your father sharpened that you found on the beach
Now, what would we do without each other?
What was that?
A shot
Could it be?
Hands off. I need it more than you do
Take my sister just please
I'll forget it if we were shipwrecked this family would need four separate islands
Hey, wait a minute. That's another good idea a family vacation without the family
Hmm, maybe next year
Are you sure? I mean even if you spend more stay farther away
No, I understand. It's not your fault
Okay, um, well, yeah, we'll call you back. Bye
What's the problem dad? I was a travel agent. What'd she say? Nothing good
Hi, mom. Hi everybody. Hi, mom. You're just in time for dad's bad news. Oh, no, thanks dear. I already have some of my own
Well, what happened to you? You go first
I waited too long to make the motel reservation. So now there's not a room available for miles even at twice the price
Oh, no. Yeah, so it looks like we're stuck at the roomy arms. Well, that's not so bad. Is it?
I mean they have a pool. It's being painted. Oh, man
My turn. I just picked up the car from the mechanics. Don't say it. Oh, no the car is fine only
What mom? I tried one of those books on tape and the player ate it. Yes. Oh
Sorry, mom. I can't get it out and it won't switch to the radio. It's awful total silence
We have to ride to the Grand Canyon in total silence. Well, could be worse
I mean at least Ferguson's promised us a great drive dad
I've done my best to incorporate the wishes and needs of everyone of us
So totally stupid root and I hate it. You think I thought we had a deal
Let's just face it. This whole trip is a bust
Look, why are we doing this to ourselves? Huh? It's the darling vacation curse. It's got us again
You're probably better off just staying home. I hate to admit it, but I have to agree. All right
I'll call the travel agent and have her cancel everything
You know
This reminds me of the time we were up at Lake Wintermucca
Do you remember when they lost our cabin reservations? Don't remind me
We slept in the car that night
Sleep
Who could sleep not me. Thanks to dad's goofy animal limitation goofy. What was goofy? I thought I did a very good squirrel
Whoa, Connie. Hi. It's marshal darling. Yeah, I can hold
I remember waking up the next morning to those songbirds. Oh, I always love the birds up at lake wintermucca
Hey
Do you remember that great breakfast that I made? Oh, yeah with the frying pan on the engine block
Who could forget the smell of crisp bacon and exhaust fumes. Yeah, well done exaggerate. Yeah, the toast wasn't bad
I remember eating pretty well that trip. Hey, what about the lobster bib? Oh, that was a great restaurant
I've never had a bigger sweeter lobster in my whole life. Oh lake Wintermucca
They all know us up there even the hardware store used to let me cast your travel list checks right dad
My favorite part was going out to the middle of the lake putting the headphones on and cranking the volume up to 10
Hey, is anybody thinking what I'm thinking
Jenna, what do you think?
Well, I think it would be a shame to waste the whole vacation here at home
Connie. Hi. Um, you know, maybe we'll go to the Grand Canyon next year
Yeah, could you get us our regular cabinet lake wintermucca?
Wow, this is totally cool. Clarissa. Thanks. Where'd you find him?
There's this used bookstore not far from lake wintermucca. We must have passed it every year
I never noticed it the sleepwalking slayer headless. Henrietta the cap shot cannibals
Well, it's got a lot of horror stories, but none like mine the ice machine guy
No, I dumped that I came up with something. I like even better about it the range killer who hides inside the giant stuffed animals and carnivals
Waiting for some family to win him
That's really twisted sam. Thanks
So spill it was wintermucca any better this year
Nothing special to report
There's a new ice cream place and the bait store painted their sign
Sounds real exciting
Believe it or not. We had a lot of laughs mom tried smiling whenever my dad sang
Dad rented a really cool camera and by the last day he finally figured out how to use it
And I spent a lot of time peacefully alone in the middle of a lake
What about Ferguson? He bought for the whole way home
So that I'd say it was the perfect darling vacation
Clarissa will be back twice tomorrow first at noon and again when nick mania snicks tomorrow afternoon at two
One central right here now. It's time to sneak at the roundhouse next
Clarissa explains it all was taped in nicolodian studios at universal studios or lando florida
Basking in the glow of the big orange couch
Snick will continue after these messages
Making us in one day because to pay our power needs for over a year and we can harness that energy
Powering your future
Up for deck asked a few average card collectors whose cards they collect
I collect speedy on I collect endorsements. I collect backdoctors surgeons rings
I collect vines. I just collect fishing lures the musky ding bad
I have a 56 powder blue Chevy powder powder powder blue
Ferrari I collect reggie rolls roys reggie reggie reggie really not not not
The smooth original interior original carpet drives like a dream
Who has turbos and kitties and puppies too the littlest pet shop
The littlest pet shop play set. It's the perfect place for all your pets. Now. I've got the whole pet shop
The littlest pet shop play set comes with everything you see here
You know when you're shopping for cereal
I suggest you walk this way
Because it keeps the expensive cereals out of reach and puts you in a better position to find malto meal cereals
See they're usually down here. Well
In the bag and they're every bit as good as these and cost less see this one costs about a dollar less
A dollar
Malto meal the savings are in the bag. You really ought to come down here
I love the taste of milk max. It's a great taste
Which is why for the pleasure of a tall tasty glass
I do almost anything
For the smooth cool goodness of milk
I fly to the farthest galaxy for the cold refreshing taste of milk
I crawl through the burning wasteland
For one satisfying yummy gulp of milk. I'd stretch myself to the limits
I do homework max
Wow milk. It tastes so good
I love video scavenger hiding. Let's roll spider dogs twins rock group group headstand
Got it twins. Well, I always see twins and mcdonalds
Big one spider dog
Hey a rock group
I always see red
Hey, we're doing great. Look twins
I knew we'd find everything in mcdonalds. But why don't you say something?
I'm shinies. You're tuned into nickalodian and nickalodian is tuned into kids
I told them that I wanted to get into acting. I had an audition. It just happened right before my eyes
Shinies guest star and welcome freshman. I was really nervous because I'm very very very shy
Shinies nervous guest star and welcome freshman the first day that I walked on on the set
Everyone, you know made me feel at home
Don't miss shinies when she gets stars on welcome freshman at a special time this saturday starting at 8 37 30 central on
snick
Tomorrow nick mania is snick mania the four saturday night nick shows in the afternoon
Watch nick mania tomorrow on nick
It took me to say as a matter of fact was about two and a half seconds staggering isn't it
When you're a kid sometimes time just seems to whiz on by like summer vacation. Well school's out. See you next year
Awesome, dude. Let's go to the beach
Sorry schools back in
Other times it seems to crawl tonight
We decided to go through a whole year in 24 minutes and 38 seconds
37 36 35 of course the year begins at midnight. I'm new year's eve
Guys we got to do better than that
Hog day
Oh, no, I I'm sorry, fellas
Next comes martin luther king day
Right on brother
Then comes groundhog day. It's the only day of the year that's never been made into some kind of lame-o horror movie until now
Groundhog day if he sees his shadow, it's probably sunny
Which means that in 10 or 12 years you could get like a skin cancer or something
So you better use at least that pf 15 groundhog day. It could bore you to tears
Then comes
Valentine's day, which to a kid of course means
Not anymore everyone do I you don't get valentines. Yeah, maybe it's because they all say I love you
And for a kid, that's just too hard to say
Well, now there's a new line of half-hearted valentines that say I
Tolerate you
You'll want to send a valentine to every kid in your class when you can choose from such warm sentiments as
Jim for a bad guy. You don't sweat much
Perfect
And what girl could resist a card that read I think we're perfect for each other. We're both nearsighted and stupid
And the touching
You know, you don't look so ugly in your dad's beamer
Yes, it's a new I tolerate you cards from half-hearted when you care just enough to send the very least
Hi, I'm video valentine
If you'd like to make a personal video valentine feed me a quarter
Then tell your sweet nothings for all the world to puke at
Science who like lends me his pencils
I think that's really sweet of you and I would like to say it from the bottom of my heart
Happy valentine's day to the loveliest and most special person in the world
me
Walk along as well. I can reach a high star. I can do your thing for you my love because I don't have my car
Heard that
Then we have st. Patrick's day a very important day for those of us of irish descent
We have Easter this is the eggs and jelly beans until they puke
In may we have mother's day. This is the day we set aside to honor our mother's father care and love
I am standing on mom
This is the day we set aside to honor our mother's father care and love
They should mom. What are you doing honey? You've got something. It's right here
It's in the corner of your mouth. I think it's dried up mustard. Do you have to give me a spit bath right now?
I'm trying to do this announcement. Oh fish. Hmm. Just want to look your best. I appreciate it
Anyway, mother's day is the day we set aside to honor our mother's father. You already said that I know I said that
Okay, mothers are the ones that bandage our knees when we fall down. Did you fall down? No, I didn't fall down
I'm just trying to make a point. Well right now your hair is what's making a point. All right
You've got that awful cow lick. I don't care. You are not going to lick my hair on national television
Now will you just please leave me alone so I can tell everybody how much I love you?
Oh, that's what you were trying to say. Yes
And the big orange couch will sneak again after this
Do you think mushrooms are green? Do you think librarians wear glasses?
Do you think rodeo is for cowboys?
You're wrong. Those are stereotypes types types. Nickelodeon special edition will show how some of your ideas can be dangerous
Oh and one more thing. Did you know that you're weird?
Find out why that's good news this week on nickelodeon special edition
We are the weird this sunday at eight seven central only on nickelodeon
You're now fully trained special agent. You have your assignment and your special equipment
When you want a special water gun, you want the super soaker
Multidirectional soaker like our regular super soakers the mds delivers a great cheap spray
But it also has an extra feature a nozzle that lets you cover your flakes the super soaker mds
Water guns a whole new twist so available the super soaker bow and arrow
We now return to roundhouse and snick only on nick
First words from mom when you were three years old
You're my baby. You'll always be my baby and I will love you forever and ever
And then you turn 12 god time keeps on moving and kids keep on growing
And now another episode of growing pains
I think I'm getting taller. We now bring you to another boring show sponsored by public television. Hello, I'm dr. Carl Sagan and welcome to
Cosmos the show that's designed to keep you informed
I brought in some of the most sophisticated state-of-the-art equipment to illustrate the extraordinary rate
We humans grow in a short period of time see how jimmy here has grown two feet and less than a year
Well, one tight is not the only thing that grows quickly
Dad's gut has also grown substantially in the same period of time as well thing of beauty ain't it mom's butt
Has also grown impressively
Shucks and jimmy's sister can finally chuck that training bra verse
You know sweetheart
I remember when you were just a little girl and now you're just as tall as me with a huge set of
Oh, how could you even bring that up?
Uh, did you finish your homework?
Yeah, I just got finished reading that girls grow much faster than boys
So I guess you're going to be bigger than me soon
Wow, wouldn't that be weird if you had a nightmare about that right now? No, here come the dream people now
Further tiny mail you have just entered the land of amazon girls. You're eating see we ain't see presents while not to be tolerated
I don't get it. Naturally our brains are developing at a much faster rate than yours, itty bitty nitty
We have entered the female growth spurt and will continue to dominate you throughout puberty
No, uh, you're just teresia macomb from my gym class. You ain't no amazon lady
Silence your grammar is as poor as you are dinky. Oh, yeah. Well, I see london
I see france. I see someone's giant underpants. I like sweaterland piddly fool
Yeah, creepy doody. Where did we get you to the last day of school? Will you sign my yearbook? Sure
Stamp out needless yearbook signings with stamp-ons from slug masters
Now you can personalize every yearbook you sign and just a fraction of the time it normally takes
Have a great summer. See you next year. You're a really neat person. Love Cindy
Now you can fill those oddly shaped spaces faster than ever with such classic sass
Hope you have a class together next year. You really know how to make me smile. Let's always stay friends, okay
Order now and receive stay as sweet as you are at no extra charge and for those yearbooks you hate to sign
God, Cindy, we please sign my yearbook. Sure, Lewis
Overdue books will be charged 25 cents a day. Gee, that's steep
Stamp-ons available for guys too from slug masters
All right. Now it's time for fall this day. Go ahead. Let the festivities begin
Oh, I see you're all hiding back there. You're gonna jump out and surprise me. All right. Go ahead jump out. Yeah, surprise and give me a tie
Look, I know you got me a tie. You give me a tie every year
Of course, I don't even wear ties, but I guess it's a thought that counts
Hey, I'm wise to you guys. Go ahead. Come up with the father's day surprise father's day
Oh, yeah
Well, um, we got you that thing, you know like wonderful
Uh dance bumper dance bumper. Yeah, right, right
We did this dance just for you. What? Where's my tie?
Roundhouse and the big orange couch will sneak again after this
Four times better four times longer four times the tv viewing pleasure
Guaranteed when you watch the four classic episodes in every very very nick at night this week
It's very very jerry. Yes jerry van dyke in four guest starring appearances. It's jerry jerry
Jerry jerry
That's this week's very very nick at night and it all starts saturday at 10 9 central. Join us if you can. Thank you
Hi jirgu can help sort them stack them and make them disappear one player
Two players four four
Yoshi's cookie on nes and game boy
Aloha viewers, we're in Santa Monica, California to see what Kellogg's race krispies are saying
Oh, my say, I don't have to go to school today. It's saturday
What do your rice krispies say?
My
Wrong brontosaurus breath. I'm not just a dinosaur. I'm rocky d dinosaur extraordinaire
Wow, you eat rocks. Well, certainly not those hard things you find on the ground
But these totally cool new soft and chewy rocks rocks candies look like rocks feel like rocks
Hey, they don't taste like rocks. They're green. Yep five dynamite fruit flavors. Excellent
You can get your rocks from rocks rocks rocks now. We're again with rocks rocks
We now return to roundhouse and snick only on nick
How to make time work for you
Well, it's easy just open a kids account at first union capital federal associated savings and trust
Hey, billy we go to the video arcade when I come no, thanks
See well, my friends are foolishly squandering away their money
My page will be earning interest at first united capital
federal regional imperial
republican confederate cash reunion savings and trust
In a few years my money will have grown enough so that I can buy a new car or a few semesters at a good college
Hi, billy. Hey, what do you say you and porky take us to a movie? It's gonna be real fun, huh?
No, I can't I'm saving up for bright future at first union federal national regional imperial
Republican communist soviet socialistic democratic nuclear savings and trust
Saving money is hard, but the rewards are well worth it. Why it's just
Years I can
Ends up
You're caught on the crossfire between two people talking to you at once
Okay, so how many touchdowns did janeen end up scoring by halftime according to amanda?
Introducing talk waiting the new device that allows you to have two separate lines of uninterrupted conversation
Okay, so now what did janeen say about what jody heard amanda say about her well
Talk waiting from ip and p making communication simpler
Darn, it's time for my piano lesson. I have to go to the store for my mom
We never have any time to watch tv anymore
Can't find time to watch tv now
There's help from telequick the new microwave tv
It allows you to watch all your favorite programs in a fraction of the time it used to take
You can watch 60 minutes in just six minutes
And you get everything of value from an episode of melrose place in just nine seconds
Just imagine the possibilities
Hi rosanne you ate all that cake
Tonight on home improvement. Oh, oh, oh darn. It's broken
Tonight on the real world. Come on, man. Other people have to go
Tonight on unsolved mysteries. What is that? I don't know. Hey, damn. Yeah, I'll go out with him again as long as he pays for it
Mystery on murder she wrote. Are you Mr. Presidential debate? Mr. Bush
Clinton stanks. Mr. Clinton bush stinks. Mr. Pro
Cosby show
That's the new microwave tv from telequick. It also makes great popcorn
For this 4th of july public access channel 90. Oh friends and neighbors
Well, it's time once again for the old independence day barbecue
Now first of all those bleeding hot war seas down at the environmental
Neglection agency in the infinite lunacy have decided that we can't use charcoal startups
No problem. I just siphoned out about a half a gallon of unleaded out of the old bonneville and whoosh
I'm in business now. I recommend the 92 octane for that special smoky flavor
And I don't cook chicken or beef or none of that crap. I like to live off the land
Very simple really. I'll just go out and shoot anything that moves
Then I thought on the old smoky here in black and a tar out of it
Any worse can do this with a fork
Gopher is a very underappreciated meat and right here we got some spotted owl
Oh and listen when you're cooking whooping cream be sure you're cut off that really long floppy neck because if it falls down into the
Coals it's gonna cause a hell of a stink
Well, that's it. Have a happy 4th and bon appetit
And now it's time for our salute to labor day
Halloween you can always tell when it's close to halloween because all the commercials have vampires in them
Why is it I can't see myself in the mirror yet?
My hair is always perfectly cold
And why is it when I'm hungry someone always offers me a steak?
Why is it film producers think adding a trashy cheerleader will somehow help their film?
How'd you do at the box office Buffy?
Why ask why try blood dry the refreshing new beverage from blood visor
All the taste of a regular brew with only half the core puzzles
Halloween time to bring out this year's crop of pointless cheaply made blood spattered horror movies from slashco pictures
It's hellraiser freddy the 13th halloween chainsaw massacre on elm street 12
It's dark. It's scary in this whole house. It's some of our friends have disappeared and I heard screaming coming from the bank
Well, what are we waiting for? We should all go down there one at a time with our knack sticks up
No, wait. We shouldn't go in arms. Here's the cabinet full of weapons. Let's see chainsaw hand grenade
flamethrower. Oh
flashlight
A lot of holiday spirits. Let's sail on dolls for girls and toy guns for boys
Oh, what kind of stereotypical chauvinistic role modeling is that?
Are you tired of the stereotypical chauvinist role modeling of children's toys?
Hello, i'm dr.
Loretta Curran and I want to help you end this dolls for girls guns for boys business for ever
introducing barbell the amazing new doll
That's also a gun
Why reinforce unhealthy dependent behavior in young girls?
Louise dear, does baby wet yourself on some sugar for her teeth?
Yes
When they can be learning the same aggressive behavior that men use to
Dominate them. Hey stupid girls. Give us the cookies of deer. I'll take your lame old dolls and throw them in the sewer
Barbell also allows young boys to express that tend the feminine side without feeling self-conscious
Now baby, you wet yourself you dance with kin because he's kind and gentle in gi gym
You hold the queen's hand because
Well, you love her and and barbell i'll come for you because you feel separation anxiety from your mother
Hey, tommy you play with dolls. Oh, no, I was just using them for target practice
Oh cool
Help shadow the stereotypes with barbell two great toys for the price of one because it's time to have fun
with the hun
That's a guy
Several major holidays combined into one
The government malls of the nation have decided this year. We're all going to celebrate cash day
A special 3a weekend event where you go out and spend every cent you've got and hey
Even the little ones can get it on the action when retail man comes to visit them at their home
Oh, god, does he bring his stuff?
No
But he is willing to deal with your reasonable rates. Do we at least get a meal?
Nope, you have to wait for gluttony day. That's when you suffer stuff like a star of pig
Sinful sleep watching nine hours of football. Hey, what time is it now time for a song?
What's up tomorrow as all four snick show show up on nick mania tomorrow afternoon starting at two one central
Now ran in stimpy snick you sick little monkey next
Drownhouse is sick before the live studio audience at nicolodian studios and universal studios for the land of florida
Saturday night has arrived and saturday night belongs to snick
Stay tuned this year at six flags great adventure
Answer the call to batman the ride
Imagine the air below the sky above
You are batman when you fly six flags only suspended outside looping nothing like it on earth experience
Not even at disney come answer the call to batman the ride
Manda
How many combinations are the combinations
Are in every bag of skittles skittles. Well, there's grappleberry
What it's a name thing like lemla more lemma lemma lemma
No, no like like lemon lime and orange see every skittles combination is a new taste with a new name new taste new name new taste new name
Oh, I get it strawberry lemon orange orange remembering
Perhaps not so how many combinations are there in every bag of skittles bite sized candies find out for you
So taste the rainbow. Can I try it again?
My name is jason reed
J a c o b i like him when he does um, domestic
Of a backflip. I saw him when he did outside
And he started writing he didn't flip over. He looked and he was laying on his feet
We interrupt this program for a special report
This is ace reporter ren hock here in time square to have a word with our returning boys
Ah
Here's one now
Excuse me mr. Horse
That's private horse civilian
Tell me private horse. How does it feel to be home?
Hmm
Good mighty good
Yes, sir. I think america is the greatest country in the world
Yes, sir. I like it
How do you feel about the president's decisions during this terrible crisis president
Gotta know about the president. Hey
All right, that's the way it is
I think the president did what he had to do
A lot of people suffered including me
But I would have done the same thing had I been in his hooves
Yes, sir, I would
It's our duty to make america a safe place for our kids to graze in
Say
Who's this pretty lady? Is that your fiance?
No, it's my sheep
Well, there you have it straight from the horse's mouth. I'm ren hock ace reporter
I just love to hear from our fans. Don't you stampy?
Yeah, ren
Hey, listen to this one
It's from little anthony
He says dear ren and stimpy
I hope you can visit us in our country
The united states of america and please bring your costumes
Sign anthony
What do you say ren?
Sure thing pal
Enjoy
Happy
We better kiss the wives goodbye
We're off to america
Ren and stimpy we'll have to ask your father
But it's all right with me and I have so much fun the father sees
Let's I have stimpy
Hi i'm person
You guys are so funny
Oops
Will you do that thing where your eyes bug out and veins fill up on him?
And you look all ugly and everything you're wise up kid. That's a trick
It's done with puppets and stew meat
Ren at least give it a try
He loves you
Okay, kid watch I'll show you the secret
Is up my best friends
Let's never go to sleep
You never go to sleep
Father doesn't find out about this my word
People let's get some things straight here. I don't like you
I don't like cartoons
You're here for one reason
My son
Anthony likes you and as long as you're good to my boy
You can stay
But if you do anything
To destroy his beliefs
Are harm him
In any way
So help me
Excuse me
Don't you even put that picture in my head
Do we understand each other
We understand very well
Yes, son
Can Ren and stimpy come out and play
Oh, yes, son
You should play with your swell new friends
Remember what I said
Yeah, who's your new friends? Anthony
Look Victor, not your famous cartoon stars
Oh, yeah, sure
You're not Ren Hoek
You're not even a chihuahua. You're some kind of deformed mosquito or something
Don't talk to me like that. I'm a Hollywood big shot. Oh, yeah
I'll twist your heads and I suppose you're stimpy the stupid cat
Here, I'll give you something you'll really like
Happy happy
Joey
Friend
Like I even believe a fart like you would be friends with Ren and stimpy
Next time I see you kids. You're dead meat
Nice going son
Ren stimpy and snick will be back after these messages
If you really want to get someone wet, there's one sure way to go about it
The Super Soaker 200
The genuine Super Soaker 200 think of it as a waterfall you can aim
Tomorrow Nick Mania is Nick Mania the four Saturday night Nick shows in the afternoon
Watch Nick Mania tomorrow on Nick
And now back to the glow of the Ren and stimpy show
My beloved child
From your past maybe I don't go to church often enough
But you know I'm a good man. I don't ask for much
But I'm asking
For this one thing
About more all right you two
You march into the house
Meet me in the be all right boy
Just take it easy
Be brave with me
Daddy
We'll make them pay
These are big shots
That's from Hollywood
Is that what makes you feel big?
Pushing little boys around
You feel like big men playing with little boys feelings, huh?
You Hollywood types make me sick
You think because you come from Hollywood
You can push decent people around
People who work for a living
I work my fingers to the bone to feed my wife and
My boy Anthony, Anthony you've got to pull through
Oh
I bet you wussies never worked a stinking day in your stinking little lives
Show me your hands
Just as I thought
Soft as a baby's head
Well, look at these hands
These are the hands of a working man
What'd you ever do for society anyway? Just what do you do to earn your keep?
Uh, well we make people laugh
Real hard work
Making people laugh
Did you go to school to make people laugh?
Listen, I make people laugh too
But nobody gives me money
You want to hear a joke
Well, I I'll tell you a joke
And you're gonna laugh
All right
Here's the joke
You ready?
Why did they bury the fireman?
Behind the hill
Funny guys, huh?
I'll tell you why because he was
That's pretty good, huh Ren?
Maybe we can use that. All right, funny guys
I want to know something
I just want to know one thing. So what makes you guys move anyway?
Do it again
Hey honey bring Anthony in here you gotta see this
Hey, hey, funny guys do it again for my boy
I love those guys to discuss the current world crisis
Today's residing chairman is mr. Horse
Mr. Horse
Today we face a world crisis
Yet while initial indications would suggest a political backwash that
Characterizes the devastating brew ha ha we face today
Your administration has refused to budge on these compromise proposals
Nevertheless many believe a relief effort
emphasizing the urgency of the situation would serve as sort of
catalysts during a slow global upswing
Foreign interests may be moderately optimistic, but superpower co-sponsors have left a
Negative depression in the way political failure
Well, mr. Horse what I'm getting at is just what is your opinion of the world's situation today?
Hmm
No, sir. He doesn't like it. Thank you, mr. Horse
Ren and Stimpy have personally invited powdered toast man Robin ho can the lovely nurse
Stimpy over tomorrow afternoon for snick mania and they would be pleased to have your company too. Oh, please. Oh, please
Oh, please
Starting at two one central right here. Now. What do we do now flip off those lights? It's dark time next on the little snick
Rams
Hey, I'm michael malli of get the picture today. No joking around. I've got a question with no easy answer
How are we going to get the environment back into shape?
Part of that answer is remembering to reduce reuse and recycle because there isn't room left to mess up anymore
Get the picture
This orange appeal has been brought to you by the national wildlife federation and
Nickelodeon
So they can get their own home. I leave out all that, you know prejudice racism
and
Like people who hate things it's up to everybody to just stop saying they're going to and
do it
Up the deck asked a few average card collectors whose cards they collect
I collect Steve Young. I collect endorsements. I collect backdoctors and surgeons ranged
I collect vines. I just collect fishing lures the musky ding bat. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding bat
I have a 56 powder blue Chevy powder powder powder blue
The Ferrari I collect Reggie Rolls Royce Reggie Reggie Reggie
Really not not not the smooth original interior original carpet drives like a dream
Super soaker man the robot with super soaker power
Wrong brontosaurus breath. I'm not just a dinosaur. I'm rocky D. Dinosaur extraordinary
Wow, you eat rocks. Well, certainly not those hard things you find on the ground
But these totally cool new soft and chewy brocks rocks candies look like rocks feel like rocks
Hey, they don't taste like rocks. They're great. Yup five dynamite fruit flavor. Excellent
You can get your rocks from brocks brocks rocks now. We're rocking with brocks rocks
Aloha viewers, we're in Santa Monica, California to see what Kellogg's race krispies are saying
Wednesday, I don't have to go to school today
It's Saturday
What do your rice krispies say?
Mine says
Mike's really likes me
What do your rice krispies say?
It says to ask him, what else is there to say?
What wiggles and squiggles and makes you giggle? The fantastic motorized drawing pen
Just turn the pen on and feel it wiggle. It's a giggle
The squiggle wiggle comes with pens of five different colors
Squiggle the giggle pen that you'll play with for hours
Squiggle wiggle the oscillating pen
Squiggle wiggle writer the original writer by large. Squiggle wiggle writer
Didn't mean to scare you. David don't do that. I'm sorry
I just wanted to catch you before the meeting
To uh, to what?
Happy birthday
David, how did you know my birthday's next week? I don't know what to say. Um
Well, thank you. We're late. I'll open it after the meeting. Okay. Okay. Come on
Such a talent
I couldn't choke. Go ahead. Take your best shot. Come on guys. Lighten up
Sorry
What happened? You should have waited two more minutes. Eric was gonna have that fright. Yeah in his dreams
Fast the natives are restless
My story's got to do with two kids who don't get along because they're so different from each other
And a love
That is so strong it can survive anything
Even forever
Submitted for the approval of the midnight society
I call this story
The tale of the lonely ghost
Ending of summer vacation
And every kid in town was sight
Every kid
Accept the man to camera medics
We're here everybody out
Her mom and dad were some kind of scientists
Who had to travel up north to study inuit stone carvings
So amanda was shipped off to her aunt doddy's place for the summer
Oh, oh shoot
Sweetie, what in the world did your mother put in here books? Books feels like you've got a whole set of encyclopedias
She must be on the phone again. We'll just do this ourselves
Unfortunately for amanda spending a whole summer with cousin bethy
Was going to be even less fun and staring at a bunch of old rocks with her mom and dad for two months
I'll get this
What was that? What was what?
It's like banging coming from over there
Not that place. Sweetie. No one's been in there for years
I should know. I'm the real estate agent. I can't even get people to look at the place
I wish it would just
Sometimes I think this house just doesn't want to be sold
Come on. Let's get you inside and unpacked
You should see what she's wearing. My mom better not expect me to babysit that. Do you well summer?
Uh, she's here. I gotta go
Look who's here honey. Come on in nandy
Hi beth
Hi
You'll be sharing beth's room so the two of you can stay up all night giggling and talking
This is where nanny used to sleep when beth was little
I'll leave you two alone to get reacquainted. Have fun
I suppose she told you we're gonna do all sorts of fun stuff together. Yeah
Wrong
If you think I'm gonna hang with you all summer
You're nuts
I don't think she means for you to hang with just me. We could do stuff with your friends
You don't even know my friends
They could get to know me. Why?
It's not like just anyone can hang with us. You have to prove you're not a zeb
How does one prove that they're not a zeb?
Okay, look you want to hang with us you got to follow the rules
What rules?
Okay
First off
I don't even want to know that you're here
That means putting my animal collection back every day in the exact right places
In fact, I don't feel like having my room look like a disaster all day. So do it now
And you can't go crying to mom or nanny ever no matter what happens. Fine
I'll put everything back in the right order every day and I won't snitch easy
Then there's the most important thing. What's that? The initiation
Initiation. Oh, yeah anyone who hangs with us
Has to spend a night alone in the place next door
Taunted dear mom and dad. Hope you're having a good time
I am too
You must be amanda
I'm nanny that's your contaminated wrinkly old hit. I'll never let you touch my things again
Don't you ever talk to her
Who is she my nanny and I want her gone
Why because I'm too old for nanny and she's so weird. I hate us. She's always watching me
She seems kind of sad to me. She's crazy really crazy
I know for a fact there's something funny with her in the haunted place next door
I heard my parents talking once. I think she must have been driven insane by the ghost
Which reminds me
There's a pool party at sally's on saturday. I suppose you want to come sure
Don't get too excited. You can't come unless you go through the initiation
The night in the haunted house. You got it tomorrow night
Pleasant dreams
You dropped this
Thank you. Is that Beth's laundry? Oh, that's okay. It won't take me long
Don't worry. She's so weird and I'm too old for nanny. Why doesn't she just leave? I'm not going to argue
I told you before she has nowhere to go. I wish she did but she doesn't
There you are honey sleeping in now Beth. I don't want to hear any more rudeness
I'm going willer skinning
Don't touch my stuff
Why does everyone think it's haunted anyway?
They don't think it's haunted
They know it's haunted
And this is why
A long long time ago there was a little girl who lived there
All the kids made fun of her because she couldn't talk
Why couldn't she talk?
I don't know. She just couldn't maybe she was deaf
It doesn't matter just listen. Sorry
Anyway
One day
Her mom got a letter
And her dad
Who was away in the war? I had gotten sick
So she sent the little girl to stay with her grandmother
Oh, she went away to take care of him
Only the little girl didn't make it to her grandmother's
Because on the way some mean kids surrounded her and teased her
She ran back home to get away from them and they followed her
Followed her right to her very own home
They locked her in her bedroom
And she didn't escape alive
What happened
No one knew she was there
Her mother didn't come back for weeks
And her grandmother didn't even know she was coming
When they found her
She was dead
And that's where you have to go her bedroom
Well, no, you're in there by the light from this the keys to the front door
Won't Aunt Daughty miss them no way no one ever calls to see the place
It's just too scary
Go ahead turn chicken if you'd rather spend the whole summer alone
Reading
No
I'm going in
I don't believe in ghosts anyway
Neither did we until we spent the night in there
She really thinks we all did this
Very funny you guys
I know that's you trying to scare me
Backwards and stay tuned
Four times better four times longer four times the tv viewing pleasure guaranteed
When you watch the four classic episodes in every very very nick at night this week
It's very very jerry. Yes jerry van dyke in four guest starring appearances. It's jerry jerry jerry
Jerry that's this week's very very nick at night and it all starts saturday at 10 9 central join us if you can thank you
Super soaker man the robot with super soaker power news for those guys who play two sports
When you play five sports, you really need something this good right tasting time
Really really good stuff
The sneaking begins again with are you afraid of the dark?
creepy
Where did beth go beth went to sally's for the whole night
And daughty was working late that means amanda was home alone with nanny
She should have stayed with a ghost now. She's alone with a lunatic nanny isn't a lunatic beth just told amanda that to scare her
But you probably didn't get that
Guys come on
So what happened david when i thought he came home
Amanda told her everything that had happened. What are those for i'm very disappointed in you girls
I don't know who did the writing on the wall
I didn't and i don't want to know
But you two girls are going to go over there and scrub it off before i get back
Will you come with us? I will not I have two open houses today and a closing at six
If you two girls went over there last night, you can go over there now
There's a ghost. Oh, please you can do better than that now come on. Come on. Let's go
It's all your fault. You're such a chicken. I'm not and I don't want to be in your zamo group anymore
Good. I wasn't gonna let you anyway
And you're a snitch to your chicken and a snitch
I couldn't stand being you a break. It's not even dark. You can't be scared now
One thing's for sure. I'm never inviting you to do anything with us ever again
Hello
No wonder mom was so mad
You did this just to get me in trouble. Didn't you I didn't do it. It wasn't like this last night
Yeah, right. Well if you think that i'm gonna clean up the mess that you made
Now what?
Come on. Let's go
Wow
Look at all the dolls and stuffed animals
What an awesome collection
It's even bigger than mine. Are you your mother?
Nanny's your mother?
Help you. Pew. Yes. Um, please open the door and I can help you. I'll get her. I will
Thank you. I'll get her
Amanda, can't you see me? I hope I'm gonna get out of here
Too many bad memories. You girls can go and play your jokes on someone else. No, it's not a joke. Please
No, I'm leaving
I'm not wanted here anymore. Yes, you are. Look
No
No, no, I can't
You can. You have to. No, it's too hard. I can't. I didn't know you were here
Stop it. I'm not joking. I saw it go with you. Stop bossing me around
Yes
Are you gonna stop bossing your friends around?
Oh, okay. I'll let you out
You know, Beth, I think we're gonna have to make some changes in this group
So what happened with Amanda and Beth? Amanda had a great summer. She even had Beth hang with the group
Good story, Dave. Excellent. Really cool
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed. Next week, everybody
Come on, Zeb. I'll buy you soda to cool you off
Kristen? Yeah?
Aren't you going to my present? Oh, I'm sorry. Dave, your story was so good. I think that's okay
I'll walk it like in your story. You like it? I love it. It's beautiful, but you shouldn't have gotten this
What do you think? Perfect. I knew it would be
I'll think of you every time I wear it
forever
Let's catch up
This weekend Saturday night doesn't end tonight because Nick Mania becomes snick mania tomorrow afternoon
Including are you afraid of the dark's mystery machine? The most dangerous pinball game in the entire mall
Tomorrow afternoon on snick mania
Now dick van dyke's brother guest star is on nick at night's very very jerry next
Tomorrow nick mania is snick mania the four Saturday night nick shows in the afternoon
Watch nick mania tomorrow on nick